feat(lb): add sni route deprecation doc (#1741)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/reference-content/sni-route-deprecation.mdx

When using HTTP protocol to the backend servers, the best solution is then to terminate TLS at the Load Balancer, decrypt traffic, look at the HTTP host header value to select the appropriate backend, and then forward the request to selected backend with or without encryption based on your use case. Since the protocol to the backend is HTTP, the Load Balancer has access to all the HTTP protocol metadata. There is then no point to limiting it to TCP/TLS layer metadata. 

This is why we have decided to remove the ability to create SNI based routes when the backend protocol is HTTP, and are now instead proposing HTTP Host header routes.

See the console screenshots below as examples:

**Backend lbb-hungry-napier uses TCP protocol, and supports SNI routes**:

<Lightbox src="scaleway-sni-route.webp" alt="" />

**Backend lbb-king-volhard uses HTTP protocol, and supports HTTP Host header routes**:

<Lightbox src="scaleway-http-route.webp" alt="" />

> ## What's the impact?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the impact?
```

We do not expect this change to have an impact on your applications or services using Scaleway Load Balancer, since HTTP Host header routes will provide more accurate routing than SNI with HTTP backends.

## Migration

You can expect the following in terms of migration:

### Before June 1st 2023

>   - No change to your Load Balancers and how they work, if you don't interact with them or change their configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - No change to your Load Balancers and how they work, if you do not interact with them or change their configuration
```

>   - If you are creating new routes from the Scaleway console, you won't be able to create SNI routes with HTTP backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you are creating new routes from the Scaleway console, you will bot be able to create SNI routes with HTTP backend
```

      ```

      **Route update**:

      Assuming you are updating a route to an HTTP backend and you used the following command:

      ```bash
      scw lb route update route-id=<your-route-id> match.sni="www.company.com" zone=<your-lb-zone>
      ```

      ...you should now replace that command with the following one:

      ```bash
      scw lb route update route-id=<your-route-id> match.host-header="www.company.com" zone=<your-lb-zone>
      ```
  </TabsTab>

  <TabsTab label="Terraform">
    Assuming you are managing a route resource to a backend using HTTP protocol with the following resource definition:

        ```bash
        resource "scaleway_lb_route" "rt01" {
          frontend_id = <your-frontend-id>
          backend_id  = <your-http-backend-id>
          match_sni   = "www.company.com"
        }
        ```

      ...you should now declare your resource in the following way:

      ```bash
      resource "scaleway_lb_route" "rt01" {
        frontend_id = <your-frontend-id>
        backend_id  = <your-http-backend-id>
       match_host_header   = "www.company.com"
      }
      ```
  </TabsTab>
</Tabs>

<Message type="tip">

> If you experience any problems, please do not hesitate to [open a support ticket](/console/my-account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket/) or speak to us on the `#load-balancer` channel of our [Slack Community](/tutorials/scaleway-slack-community/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience any problems, do not hesitate to [open a support ticket](/console/my-account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket/) or speak to us on the `#load-balancer` channel of our [Slack Community](/tutorials/scaleway-slack-community/)
```
